2025.05.1 changelog (#1509)
overte-org/overte: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
This project does **not** adhere to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2025.05.1] 2025.05.12

### Fixes
- fix domain entity lifetime in serverless mode (PR1321)
- Fix keyboard preview not being unlit (PR1399)
- Fix Armored Chat always scrolling on a new message (PR1382)
- fix font assert (PR1407)
- Fix breakage in controller scripts relating to hudRayPicks (PR1380)
- Trigger click emulation for XR (PR1423)
- add missing simple pipelines (PR1445)
- restore default sampler (PR1446)
- Fix audio crashes in VR on Linux (PR1467)
- Fix typo in docs "unoad" (PR1474)
- Stop testing your voice when closing the audio window (PR1488)
- Change texture coordinate precision to 32 bit float (PR1498)
- Prohibit characters option for TextField (PR1484)
- fix material inspector not grabbing correct material sometimes (PR1392)
- fix sampler assert (PR1500)
- Places App: Make navigation buttons not draggable (PR1503)
- Squeeze force for grab on Index, tweak offsets for non-Vive controllers, xrNoHandTracking debug option (PR1508)

> - OpenXR cleanup 2, electric boogaloo (PR1516)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix flickering on OpenXR  (PR1516)
- Fix movement speed resetting when snap-turning in VR  (PR1516)
```
Maybe this shouldn't be "electric boogaloo" either.

- Fix VR teleport indicator (PR1513)

> - Fix falling though the ground after serverless (PR1523)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix falling through the ground after leaving a serverless world (PR1523)
```
